Author : Syed Saadat
Proj   : The Spellchecker
Date   : April 5th, 2021



      Goal
      
            - The program needs to look at at each individual word from a text a file and give the user a correct spelling suggestion.
            
      Input and Output
      
            - The user can put the name of a text file at the command line
            - The user can enter different commands : a, i, g, s, and q
            
            - The program can return a correct suggested spelling
            - The program can write all the not found words into a notfound.txt
            - The program can write any word wanted by the user into dict.txt
            
      Classes Used
      
            - HashTable        : A data structure that holds values by marking it with a key. The key can
                                 be defined in different ways to efficiently store the data. This was helpful
                                 in storing the dictionary. 
            
            - BinarySearchTree : A data structure where the root node is always less than its two childrenl. This
                                 was helpful storing all the words that were not found and then later printing it 
                                 out into a file.
            
            - sstream          : This class is used for streaming strings. For this project, it was useful
                                 reading lines from the text files word by word.
            
      Algorithm
      
            while we still have the next line
            
                  Read through each line word by word
                  
                        if the word has punctuation or numbers, then get rid of it
                        
                        if the word is found, blank, or just ignored, then do nothing
                        
                        else, 
                        
                              write the word into a different file
                              
                              Then show user all the different commands there are
                              
                              Put in the command
                              
                                    Don't leave the process until said so
                                    
                                          a - Add the current word
                                          
                                                Open the dictionary text and write the new word in.
                                                Then close the dictionary
                                                
                                                Also, add the word into the hash table dictionary in
                                                the program.
                                                
                                                leave this 
                                                
                                          i - Ignore the current word and future occurences
                                          
                                                Add this word into a hash table of ignored words. Then
                                                next time it can check to see if this word is an ignored word 
                                                if it come up again.
                                                
                                                leave this
                                                
                                          g - Go on to the next word
                                          
                                                leave this
                                                
                                          s - Suggest a spelling
                                          
                                                Go through every iteration of the word by swapping the every 
                                                two letters until the end word has reached.
                                                
                                                ONLY suggested the word if the suggested word is found in the 
                                                dictionary
                                                
                                                If no suggested word is found, then ask user what they would 
                                                like to do differently
                                                
                                          q - Exit the program
                                          
                                                leave this and exit
                                                
                                          anything else
                                          
                                                ask user to input the command again
                                                
                                          
                         