Author : Syed Saadat
Title  : Project 2 
Date   : October 5th, 2020

                          Analysis and Design
                          
    
                          
    Problem : A library needs to be created so that it displays the books within the 
    file selected by the user
    
    Classes Used : LibraryBook.java
    
    The method to count the number of books in the file :
    
      There is a method in LibraryBook that can count the number of books present in a
      file. Looking and scanning through the file, I can assign every parameter in this by using 
      delimiters because the books are seperated by ;. 
    
    The method used to sort the library books : 
      
      A selection sort can be used to arrange all the books in alphabetical order. I can compare 
      the titles and put the minimal element in the beginning and repeat that until I longer need
      to do so.
      
    The method used to Choose which action to do : 
      
      Check if the user wants option 1, 2, or 3. These options will go call another method that will
      do the apporiate action. Option 1 will display the book records in order and option 2 will search
      for the book that the user asked for. Option 3 will exit the program. 
      
    The method for Menu 1 (Display all Records) : 
     
      Go through every single spot of the book record. However, the spot will only advance to the next spot if the 
      return key is pressed. The user should be able to return to the menu if a menu key is pressed. 
      
    The method for Menu 2 (Search for Book) :
    
      Use a binary search to find the book that the user is searching for. The binary search will repeatedly 
      divide the search interval in half. If the search key is less than the middle item, then narrow the
      interval to the lower half . Otherwise narrow it to the upper half. Keep going until there is nothing 
      to find or until found. 
      
    
    
      
  
      
    
    
    